acairim ancairím
acar-pholl acarpholl
acarsuidhe acarshuí
acaruighthe ancairithe
acfuinneach acmhainneach
achmhusánaim achasánaím
achrannaim achrannaím
ailim oilim
aill-bhruachach aillbhruachach
ainceasach aincheasach
ain-ghean an-ghean
ainshearc ainsearc
ainteasach ainteasaí
áird-earlahh ardéarlamh
áird-gheon ardgheon
áird-innmhe ardinmhe
áird-innmheach ardinmheach
áird-intinn ardintinn
áird-leaba ardleaba
áird-léim ardléim
áird-mhiangus ardmhiangas
áird-reacht ardreacht
áird-reann ardrinn
áird-réimeach ardréimeach
áird-ríoghdha ardríoga
áird-stiuradh ardstiúradh
áird-stiuire ardstiúrthóir
áird-thriatha ardtriath
áird-thriathach ardtriathach
airightheoir airitheoir
airm-chrios armchrios
airm-neart armneart
ais-éirghim aiséirím
aithéirghim athéirím
aiththreabadh atreabhadh
alaim oilim
allmhurdhacht allúracht
anaim fanaim
anbhlasadh an-bhlaiseadh
androbhlás an-drabhlás
aoin-chiall aonchiall
aoin-dícheall aondícheall
aol-bhrat aolbhrat
aol-chrothach aolchruthach
árd-ollamhantacht ardollúnacht
ascal eascal
athsháileadh athshailleadh
bacánaim bacánaím
bain-teachtaire banteachtaire
báirr-dhias barrdhias
báirr-dhíon barrdhíon
bán-ghlasadh bánghlasadh
baoith-ghein baothghinte
baoith-sceinm baothscinneadh
beirbhighis beirbhís
buan-chara buanchara
coguisidhe cógais
cóimhbheirim comhbheirim
cóimhbhith comhbhith
cóimhbhriseadh comhbhriseadh
cóimhbhrisim comhbhrisim
cóimhcheaduighim comhcheadaím
cóimhcheannach comhcheannach
cóimhcheannacht comhcheannach
cóimhchéile comhchéile
cóimhchéimnighim comhchéimním
cóimhcheoluidhe comhcheoltóir
cóimhchinéal comhchineál
cóimhchrith comhchrith
cóimhchrithim comhchrithim
cóimhdhearg comhdhearg
cóimhdhíochra comhdhíochra
cóimhdhíreach comhdhíreach
cóimhéascaidh comhéasca
cóimheascáirdeas comheascairdeas
cóimhéifeachtach comhéifeachtach
cóimhéigeantach comhéigeantach
cóimhéilightheoir comhéilitheoir
cóimhéirghim comhéirím
cóimheitil comheitilt
cóimheolach comheolach
cóimhfheadhain comhfheadhain
cóimhfhear comhfhear
cóimhfheardha comhfhearga
cóimhfhiadhnaise comhfhianaise
cóimhfhighim comhfhím
cóimhfhliuch comhfhliuch
cóimhghlic comhghlic
cóimhiadhaim comhiaim
cóimhiadhta comhiata
cóimhimirce comhimirce
cóimhiongantach comhiontach
cóimhíseal comhíseal
cóimhlíonmhar comhlíonmhar
cóimhlíontóir comhlíontóir
cóimhphianadh comhphianadh
cóimhphléasc comhphléasc
cóimhréabaim comhréabaim
cóimhréalt comhréalta
cóimhreamhar comhramhar
cóimhreang comhreang
cóimhréimeas comhréimeas
cóimhréimnighim comhréimním
cóimhriaraim comhriaraim
cóimhrithim comhrithim
cóimhsheirbhíseach comhsheirbhíseach
cóimhshíneadh comhshíneadh
cóimhshínim comhshínim
cóimhshínte comhshínte
cóimhshreang comhshreang
cóimhthionólaim comhthionólaim
cóimhthriall comhthriail
cóimhthriall comhthriall
cómhargain comhargain
cómhbhagraim comhbhagraím
cómhbhráithreach comhbhráithreach
cómhbhuaidhrim comhbhuairim
cómhchaidrim comhchaidrím
cómhchantracht comhchantaireacht
cómhchnaoidhim comhchnaím
cómhchrathaim comhchroithim
cómhóglachas comhóglachas
cómhdhathach comhdhathach
cómhdhoilgheas comhdhoilíos
cómhfhogusach comhfhogasach
cómhgháirdeach comhghairdeach
cómhghluasacht comhghluaiseacht
cómhghul comhghol
cómhmhaoidhim cómhaím
cómhmharthanach cómharthanach
cómhmholaim cómholaim
cómhmhór cómhór
cómhroinneadóir comhrannadóir
cómhsanntach comhshantach
cómhshruthadh comhshruth
comhthroscacht comhthroscadh
cosmhailim cosúlaím
cotuighim cotaím
dá-cheannach décheannach
dá-chearnach déchearnach
dá-chorpach déchorpach
dá-chrothach déchruthach
dá-fhillte défhillte
dá-fhoghrach défhoghrach
dá-ghothach déghuthach
dall-chroidheach dallchroíoch
deagh-mhaiseach dea-mhaisiúil
dearbh-airdhe dearbh-airí
dearbh-mhóideacht dearbhóideacht
deirbh-éitheach dearbhéitheach
dídeanuighim dídeanaím
díleaghaim díleáim
díleagraim dileagraim
dío-mholaim dímholaim
díon-airm díonarm
doi-bhriseadh dobhriseadh
doi-chreidsin dochreidiúint
doi-léimnighe doléimneach
doi-shínte doshínte
draint drant
drannt drant
dribire ribire
dribreacht ribireacht
droich-mheanma drochmheanma
dubh-chodladh dúchodladh
dubh-chos dúchos
eidir-mheadhóntóir idirmheántóir
facht fócht
fachtaim fóchtaim
fanaicim fainicim
fásuighim fásaím
fastuighim fostaím
feartmhagh feartmhá
fineogach fíneogach
fíor-laoch fíorlaoch
fíor-tharngaire fíorthairngreacht
fír-bheatha fíorbheatha
fír-dheas fíordheas
fír-dhílis fíordhílis
fír-eolach fíoreolach
fír-fhéachaint fíorfhéachaint
fír-fheis fíorfheis
fír-ghéar fíorghéar
fír-ghlic fíorghlic
fír-íochtar fíoríochtar
fír-íochtrach fíoríochtarach
fír-leamh fíorleamh
fóighéag foghéag
foir-bhriathar forbhriathar
foir-bhriathrach forbhriathrach
foir-fhiafruighe forfhiafraí
foir-ghiobal forghiobal
foir-neartuighim forneartaím
foir-shéideadh forshéideadh
foir-theagasc fortheagasc
fosaim fosaím
foslongphortach foslongfortach
gangaire gangaide
glan-aodhbhacht glanaoibhiúlacht
gníomhradh gníomhra
iair-bhreith iarbhreith
iair-fhéar iarfhéar
iltsiolla ilsiolla
iodhal-adhraim íoladhraim
iolchruaidh ilchrua
iolchumhachtach ilchumhachtach
iolfhaobhar ilfhaobhar
iolfhoghlumtha ilfhoghlamtha
iolghráinneach ilghráinneach
iolghránna ilghránna
iolghránnacht ilghránnacht
iolmhaoin ilmhaoin
iomadhall imadhall
iomchaol imchaol
iomchasaoid imchasaoid
iomchlódh imchloí
iomdhaingean imdhaingean
iomdhoimhin imdhomhain
iomorduighim imordaím
iomshruth imshruth
iomthnúthóir imthnúthach
iomthrom imthrom
iondúileamhail indúilmhear
iondúileamhail indúilmhear
leath-uilleann leathuillinn
leis-chliamhain leaschliamhain
leis-leanbh leasleanbh
leis-shliocht leas-sliocht
luaith-éirghe luathéirí
mío-chádhasach míchásach
mío-thaomach míthaomach
naoimh-chist naomhchiste
naoimh-chleachtadh naomhchleachtadh
naoimh-dhéanamh naomhdhéanamh
naoimh-ghním naomhdhéanaim
naoimh-reacht naomhreacht
naoimh-shearcas naomhshearc
naoimh-theist naomhthéacs
naoimh-thréigsin naomhthréigean
naomh-choisreagadh naomhchoisreacan
naomh-choisreagaim naomhchoisricim
neamh-choisreagtha neamhchoisricthe
naomh-mhalluighim naomh-mhallaím
naomh-mhallughadh naomh-mhallú
naomh-thaisc naomhthaisce
neamh-spraiceamhlacht neamhspreacúlacht
neimh-bhéasach neamhbhéasach
neimh-bheodhacht neamhbheochan
neimh-bhríoghmhaireacht neamhbhríomhaireacht
neimh-bhríoghmhar neamhbhríomhar
neimh-chealgach neamhchealgach
neimh-cheannairceach neamhcheannairceach
neimh-cheannsa neamhcheansa
neimh-cheannsacht neamhcheansacht
neimh-chéillidhe neamhchéillí
neimh-dhílis neamhdhílis
neimh-dhíomhaoin neamhdhíomhaoin
neimh-fhial neamhfhial
neimh-fhíoch neamhfhíoch
neimh-fhíor neamhfhíor
neimh-ghean neamhghean
neimh-gheanmnaidheacht neamhgheanmnaíocht
neimh-ghein neamhghin
neimh-ghile neamhghile
neimh-ghlic neamhghlic
neimh-iomarcach neamhiomarcach
neimh-iomchubhaidh neamhiomchuí
neimh-mheathta neamh-mheata
neimh-mheisneach neamh-mhisneach
neimhneacha nimhneacha
neimh-neartmhar neamhneartmhar
neimh-riaghail neamhriail
neimh-sheachantach neamhsheachantach
neimh-sheadh neamhshea
neimh-sheargtha neamhsheargtha
neimh-the neamhthe
neimh-theas neamhtheas
oifigidheacht oifigeacht
pianóir pianadóir
pianóireacht pianadóireacht
rígh-fhiadhuidhe rífhiagaí
ríobóidim ríobóidím
ríogh-bhoth ríbhoth
ríogh-bhrugh ríbhrugh
ríogh-choróin ríchoróin
ríogh-churadh ríchuradh
ríogh-dháil rídháil
ríogh-dhámh rídhámh
ríogh-fháidh rífháidh
ríogh-fhuil rífhuil
ríoghlách rílaoch
ríoghlann rílann
ríogh-laoch rílaoch
ríogh-nathair rínathair
ríogh-phort ríphort
ríogh-ráth ríráth
ríogh-ród ríród
ríogh-ruathar ríruathar
ríogh-ughdar rí-údar
rói-cheannsa róchion
rói-dhíleas ródhílis
rói-líonmhar rólíonmhar
rói-mhéad rómhéad
rói-neart róneart
ruadh-bhuidhe ruabhuí
saoibh-chime saobhchime
saoibh-eolas saobheolas
saoibh-scéal saobhscéal
saoir-chineálach saorchineálach
saoir-dhlighe saordhlí
saoir-lios saorlios
saoir-mheasaim saormheasaim
saoir-mheasta saormheasta
scáilighim scáilím
sceidimín sceitimín
scéird-mhágh sceirdmhá
scilice scilligeadh
sconnsach sconsach
scrámaim scramaim
scuaib-líon scuablíon
seabhóidim seafóidim
seach-labhraim seachlabhraím
seacht-gcéimneach seachtchéimneach
sealg-bhata seilgbhata
seallaim sillim
sean-chómhartha seanchomhartha
sean-námhaid sean-namhaid
sean-spreasadán seanspreasán
sein-cheirt seancheirt
sein-chion seanchion
sein-ghiobal seanghiobal
sein-mheadh seanmheá
sein-nídh sean-ní
sein-pheacadh seanpheaca
seirbh-dheoch searbhdheoch
seol-bhata seolbhata
seol-ghuth seolghuth
síodh-bhrat síbhrat
síodh-bhrugh síbhrú
síodh-bhruinneall síbhruinneall
síodh-chruit síchruit
síor-atharrach síorathrach
síoth-bhuaine sithbhuaine
síoth-bhuan sithbhuan
síothcháinteach síthchainteach
sír-chleachtadh síorchleachtadh
sír-dhearbhaim síordhearbhaím
sír-fhéachaim síorfhéachaim
sír-fhéachain síorfhéachaint
sír-fhéachaint síorfhéachaint
sír-imirce síorimirce
sír-iomchar síoriompar
sír-líonaim síorlíonaim
sír-reic síor-reic
sír-shileadh síorshileadh
sír-shilt síorshileadh
sistealacht siostalacht
sistealóir siostalóir
síth-bheo sithbheo
síth-bheodha sithbheoga
síth-bheodhacht sithbheochan
síth-cheanglaim síthcheanglaím
síth-dhíon sithdhíon
siubhlóideacht siúlóideacht
slabhruighim slabhraím
slamraim slamraím
so-chroidhtheacht sochroíocht
soi-bhéas sobhéas
soi-chéadfadh sochéadfa
soi-chinéal sochineál
soi-chinéaltas sochineáltas
soi-chreideamh sochreideamh
soi-chreidmheach sochreidmheach
soi-chreidsin sochreidiúint
soi-leas soleas
soi-mhian somhian
soi-mhilis somhilis
soi-réidh soréidh
soi-riartha soriartha
soi-riarthacht soriarthach
soi-shínteacht soshínteach
talamhóg talmhóg
taobh-lot taobhlot
taobh-uaine taobhuaine
téad-chloch téadchloch
traghuidhe tragóidí
tréan-laoch tréanlaoch
treasuighim treasaím
trom-líog tromliag
trom-lód tromlód
